we will continue this training
on photoshop with a job that for
the shot is going to be a little bit playful which
will allow us to see a certain
many new things
what I 'm going to propose you to do in
done is to choose a picture then there
I took an old picture of myself and
simply to make one
caricature of making a caricature of
this photo it will involve a
package of things actually only a pate a
package of skills already the
deformation in images we will see what
it is that the trinity allows us
also to learn to redraw an image
a pure a photo redraw someone
on a picture we will see a little bit
how does it allow us to
see a little bit of the elements too
such as zoom-processed image
on the grain of an image because we
sees that frankly the image is of very
poor quality I pray them expressly
low quality we will see a little bit
all and all these elements there through to
through seven 7 this exercise is in the
first thing we're going to do here
will of course be working on
the size of the image because here so
I'm 100% what I'm going to do
is that I'm going to increase the size of
my image so that's normally
absolutely not to do since it's
destructive that is to say that from the
when we increase the size of
images we will make appear
artifacts of things in the image that
did not exist and who are who are going
to be that they will degrade a little the
picture quality but we're going to the
to make sure that the picture already and not bad
degraded to true to its size to its
size here we're just not going
to double the size of my image since
there I am on an image that is
relatively small we can see 800
pixels by 533 pixels so I enlarge
this picture relatively
relatively important way for that
I am going in the image size of the image
I'll put myself in percentage and I
will say I want a size that is
twice higher I click on ok this
who will give me an image if we
does not guarantee to be the image that makes 2600
1066 that is that is going to be acceptable for
power to be able to work on it
that's good it was a very small aside
for to precisely show this tool of
image resizing the size of
the image that is something of enough to
these practices quite interesting to
use what we are going to do is that
from the next video we will
really tackle the bottom of the
problem to know first problem the
clipping here we had seen the clipping
with geometric shapes how does that
happens when it's not a form
geometric voice the video if I you
pledges to go on the next video